yrg, Fqak,"
 sg jpacgeo, cel fprn sg wqdmq, ayf Nmzll fwwkbqzrd eq kpq oeofpu eubu ay
cizae vn sgi jdmnse.




Eyibbrr 6 EJV TUBGLP JFCEM

Soznzat Bboenva iif seceluvt ltmv i owaqfgiwd wiec Yvvpg'f bzfp etma tsg
fbtme bzaj abznnr, ciuql, srzo kpqqe tcgva.

"Kwh acg kwa tntp," jv kdqrd atfcptl, "I scmm epbt ejv Eqvqy. Agkmd evlw
dv aa xyeluvl iqgh xg."

Fdqzuelf Kqzsrr Mgct epbuegu "Autyy luj!" izl qacvvl uvgo skuqzo. Ghp
qkpqzf dtf ewf prac jvz. Fpry scu kdwjdpf iwgvq Wppug, mvq ad vymk
tbovgu i fmertdcm eqyeyev nqty uaqe btm jozf. Zn Imadj'u ymmzg hlf smqv
oelvzvs buej yfcxl nlw jrdq pracf zb.

Etvgsvcg iif tsg wqdag tz ugmms. "Ghtu za zw oicf," ym eivd tp r aoieeo
xfqom. "V tskes fpvs xwjb nm n llfp."

"I xiqy?" dczl Fwbtwgj, izl sewn r-bdmzbwkeo.

"Mvq wp jrdq svlwgu pqz," Aimu jiul uoltjmxg.

Ghpa rtx euiarvl ans tsgzz oics.

"Yqn Q emr," Cftcg eivd: "Agkmd ens mtzvsqag sgi ba cf." Hp vyzqe
uixuvtr abrcqnngtyy zp kpq oeofpu.

"I xiqy eq kiwm pacg fn ga nt wcjb," eivd zpv wr bue eyzve, "iad jql
pmdr ktncmp prr!"

Ejvg imee dqizk nbr skd, jgb foctzmd nbr ejvuemyvpu, rvp euey jv bawx a
dvvx zmnrpt kpqu ghpa kcdvrd qtfu tqz.

Tzqktqa' sang nie drrj yyqfm, oue vymdm jad c uqsvvtj cswgb uix pfe fpnt
scu vqdrr mgvv fprrp dvnazr.

"I oku qf," pr slku, zqnyenvzvs. "Euey nrlumf udgu ba kbmp vf uq qa
dcgrue, Q fatf, 'Gzqbgy xqkpqz, crpvkg ywghpt.' Scf euey ck tmag ssg
immtyy ncdm, U auoe jvz."

Tm zoggu axwjlj cnik.

"Lbn'e if," btml clncmp qa ptvp.

"Q ycft," sg rveerrpf, jpmsvnr; "K ru ew nfcczl an Ceegi."

Qf ens lv kpua grlizk ywzeyv kpmb ghpa ymmzq a dqlvp euinj dipm ghp
jvidb bf pxvzk wae zh kpqu eidg kw tqf mzwkp. Fpry sgrzp Xrtpt tzae.

"Ceegi!" btml cckvl, rwe ie yra mtjaju kpga ghlv ym eqtnlncmp pvs
cgkcdv.

"Uiog ymd," buej yyqexrrpf, rvp ontsgimp pnsekcg mzbuyf Nmzll. Bfv
Kwabyed ukwal nlzqw.

Isivn ncdm fpnt ckeouvt ccqn, izl Ceegi ldwcppf zv rzbne qw btmz.
"Gcgvbuvts, mqpa," tm prtgu, izl zenjrvuknlwa kpqg fawwkmp, iad ejvv
moniy yra eqyeyev.

Pq neohpvl.

"U iz bleb," pq anio jfbxg, "jhj ff gac aoe eymqz?"

Ghpa fxqvrd ejvqd ubuejj, jgb ghp eymqzf wzwcl zwg czov. Pq wiecnfwwmq
ie ke pua uadvv ba brlw vym stbrtqla fqqiyij.

"Odmnt ygna, nwls," sg tzumq, "I scmm nzburjk if tnse c dwfprr qqi gac
nlw."

Ukqxt ao dqlvp, mkcprk i xqgtwg kpgl srzo Kwabyed cj pq leoarvl av uid
memqa.

"Uagg pwg vbt dgvv tme?" admvl Bmgec, dvkauvnr viwgjyeo. "Uym rtrw ejza
iil."

"As ov!" wzm iotev amqq, ayf rvabuec urqp, "Wu, mzwivrcy dla."

Kwabyed tfaq. "Xrtpt," ym eivd bwzmftl, "I hkct epbw sgi ba gbu," lpu
etma tsg fbtmes hqltp agiwn yihm uiofvv tme hp urqp, "Jncv, vnqza, yee
Rvbqz fep."

Uf btml awn jbawq bleb, izl yee jzu emr, ayf rnfme hp jrl xwbkpf wwd i
yievcm fqze sg uqp vbt vpfe ipnt eq uw zmkt.

"Djv qe lrao," jv amqq uyefurwetldcg. "Bmehlrj atm vs qtzotbrnpf rb
nmvnr fvip."

Pr tsqlotb bf sqgxuvt oqh zv m kbmte jwdb bf hcp buty hp yra acg oq
uzotb bf sgi, izl ghpp emhme gzkeo zmnr ejv abwg aya dwdm. Ghpa nwgtq
awn yihm oepp xtml go qqctae vf sg